feat(js): Update web worker guide with new `webWorkerIntegration` APIs (#14395)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/webworker.mdx

---
title: WebWorker
description: "Adds source code from inline JavaScript of the current page's HTML."
notSupported:
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.node
  - javascript.aws-lambda
  - javascript.azure-functions
  - javascript.connect
  - javascript.express
  - javascript.fastify
  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.hono
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.deno
  - javascript.cloudflare
  - javascript.bun
---

_Import name: `Sentry.webWorkerIntegration`_

> This integration, together with `Sentry.registerWorker()`, establishes communication between the browser's main thread and one or multiple [WebWorker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API)s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration, together with `Sentry.registerWorker()`, establishes communication between the browser's main thread and one or more [WebWorkers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API).
```

It listens to worker messages from the passed workers and forwards them to the main thread. 

Read our <PlatformLink to="/best-practices/web-workers/">Web Worker Guide</PlatformLink> for more information. 

<Expandable title="What does this integration do?">

> This integration listens to a message, sent from the worker when it calls `Sentry.registerWorker({ self })`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration listens to a message sent from the worker when it calls `Sentry.registerWorker({ self })`.
```

The purpose is to sync source map information (debugIds) between the main thread and the worker so that worker
errors caught by the main thread SDK are properly mapped to the worker's source code.

</Expandable>

## Options

### `worker`

_Type: `Worker | Array<Worker>`_

The web worker(s) to listen to. Every worker must call `Sentry.registerWorker({ self })` to register itself with the SDK.

## Methods

### `addWorker(worker: Worker)`

> Adds a worker to the integration, after it was initialized.

Reviewer: After the worker is initialized, or after the SDK is initialized?

Author: after the integration (and SDK) was initialized. Reworded this.
